To make the examples complete,
we'll take a look at how you can call xjc from a Gradle build.
Just like in the previous examples,
this is not very complicated; you just need to have an idea of
how to configure the plugin to call xjc.
Let's take a look at example ps-jaxb-33-gradle-xjc.
In this example, we are using the same Gradle plugin as in the previous example,
but this time, we are using the jaxb.
javaGen task instead of the jaxb.
schemaGen task.
Of course, the configuration of this task is also slightly different.
We are setting three properties here.
First,
the schema and binding properties to point the plugin to the XSD
and the bindings file that we want to process,
and then the packageName property to set the name of the package
that we want the generated classes to be in.
Just like in the previous example,
we make the JavaCompile task depend on the jaxb task so that the jaxb.
javaGen task is executed before the JavaCompile task.
We can now open a terminal again and run gradle clean build.
The generated classes are written to the directory
build/generated/jaxb/java/example and are included by the javaCompile task.
When we look at what's inside the JAR file that has been
written to the build\libs directory, we see that everything is there,
including the class files that were compiled from the source files generated by xjc.